chore(ruby-agent): Add a section about turning off the agent (#17543)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/apm/agents/ruby-agent/troubleshooting/control-when-ruby-agent-starts.mdx

      </table>
  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

## Problem

> The Ruby agent is starting in contexts I don't want it to start.

Author: ```suggestion
The Ruby agent is starts in contexts where I don't want it to start.
```
